.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!--
For Security Vulnerabilities, please email: security@shiro.apache.org
For more details on how to report a vulnerablity see: https://www.apache.org/security/
-->

Following this checklist to help us incorporate your contribution quickly and easily:

 - [ ] Make sure there is a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/apache/shiro/issues) filed 
       for the change (usually before you start working on it).  Trivial changes like typos do not 
       require a GitHub issue.  Your pull request should address just this issue, without pulling in other changes.
 - [ ] Each commit in the pull request should have a meaningful subject line and body.
 - [ ] Format the pull request title like `[#XXX] - Fixes bug in SessionManager`,
       where you replace `#XXX` with the appropriate GitHub issue. Best practice
       is to use the GitHub issue title in the pull request title and in the first line of the commit message.
 - [ ] Write a pull request description that is detailed enough to understand what the pull request does, how, and why.
 - [ ] add `fixes #XXX` if merging the PR should close a related issue.
 - [ ] Run `mvn clean install apache-rat:check` to make sure basic checks pass. A more thorough check will be performed on your pull request automatically.
 - [ ] If you have a group of commits related to the same change, please squash your commits into one and force push your branch using `git rebase -i`. 
 
Trivial changes like typos do not require a GitHub issue (javadoc, comments...). 
In this case, just format the pull request title like `[DOC] - Add javadoc in SessionManager`.
 
If this is your first contribution, you have to read the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/apache/shiro/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If your pull request is about ~20 lines of code you don't need to sign an [Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.pdf) 
if you are unsure please ask on the developers list.

To make clear that you license your contribution under the [Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
you have to acknowledge this by using the following check-box.

 - [ ] I hereby declare this contribution to be licenced under the [Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 - [ ] In any other case, please file an [Apache Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.pdf).

Commit message:

bugfix(apache-rat,pr-template): Apache rat plugin execution id- chec -> check, removed rat from PR issue template - runs automatically anyway without explicitly specifying it.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!--
For Security Vulnerabilities, please email: security@shiro.apache.org
For more details on how to report a vulnerablity see: https://www.apache.org/security/
-->

Following this checklist to help us incorporate your contribution quickly and easily:

 - [ ] Make sure there is a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/apache/shiro/issues) filed 
       for the change (usually before you start working on it).  Trivial changes like typos do not 
       require a GitHub issue.  Your pull request should address just this issue, without pulling in other changes.
 - [ ] Each commit in the pull request should have a meaningful subject line and body.
 - [ ] Format the pull request title like `[#XXX] - Fixes bug in SessionManager`,
       where you replace `#XXX` with the appropriate GitHub issue. Best practice
       is to use the GitHub issue title in the pull request title and in the first line of the commit message.
 - [ ] Write a pull request description that is detailed enough to understand what the pull request does, how, and why.
 - [ ] add `fixes #XXX` if merging the PR should close a related issue.
 - [ ] Run `mvn verify` to make sure basic checks pass. A more thorough check will be performed on your pull request automatically.
 - [ ] If you have a group of commits related to the same change, please squash your commits into one and force push your branch using `git rebase -i`. 
 - [ ] Committers: Make sure a milestone is set on the PR
 
Trivial changes like typos do not require a GitHub issue (javadoc, comments...). 
In this case, just format the pull request title like `[DOC] - Add javadoc in SessionManager`.
 
If this is your first contribution, you have to read the [Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/apache/shiro/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

If your pull request is about ~20 lines of code you don't need to sign an [Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.pdf) 
if you are unsure please ask on the developers list.

To make clear that you license your contribution under the [Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
you have to acknowledge this by using the following check-box.

 - [ ] I hereby declare this contribution to be licenced under the [Apache License Version 2.0, January 2004](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 - [ ] In any other case, please file an [Apache Individual Contributor License Agreement](https://www.apache.org/licenses/icla.pdf).
